Feature nrf prov improvements (#43)
nRFCloud/utils: python/modem-firmware-1.3+/README.md

File created: /dev_credentials/hw_rev2-50363154-3931-44f0-8022-121b6401627d_pub.pem
```

# Claim and Provision Device
This script uses the [nRF Cloud Identity and Provisioning API](https://api.provisioning.nrfcloud.com/v1/) to perform remote device provisioning tasks.
This service is only compatible with nRF91x1 devices running modem firmware >= 2.0.0.

After claiming and provisioning, this script will onboard the device to your nRF Cloud account.
The target device must be running the [nRF Device Provisioning](https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/tree/main/samples/cellular/nrf_provisioning) sample built with the following options:
```
CONFIG_AT_SHELL=y
CONFIG_NRF_PROVISIONING_RX_BUF_SZ=2048
CONFIG_SHELL_BACKEND_SERIAL_RX_RING_BUFFER_SIZE=2048
CONFIG_SHELL_CMD_BUFF_SIZE=2048
```

> Because this script creates device credentials for use with nRF Cloud, it requires a CA certificate and the associated private key as an input.

Reviewer: Unless tags are provided, right?

Use the `create_ca_cert.py` script to create a self-signed CA certificate and keys.
Your nRF Cloud REST API key is also a required parameter. See [https://nrfcloud.com/#/account](https://nrfcloud.com/#/account).
Use `--help` for additional parameter information.

### Examples

#### Device certificate created locally from CSR received over the air:
```
python3 ./claim_and_provision_device.py --apikey $API_KEY --ca=./ca.pem --ca_key=ca_prv_key.pem
```
Query the device for its attestation token over USB, claim the device with the REST API, then provision over the air up to receiving the CSR.
Create the device certificate locally, then send back to the device over the air.

#### Claim device and use a provisioning tag to fully provision and onboard it:
```
python3 ./claim_and_provision_device.py --apikey $API_KEY --provisioning_tags "nrf-cloud-onboarding"
```

> Like before, but use a built-in provisioning tag so the device certificate is fully handled over the air.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Like before, but use a built-in provisioning tag so the device certificate is created by the cloud and then sent to the device over the air.
```

# Gather Attestation Tokens
This script collects IMEI, UUID, and attestation token from the attached device without requiring use of the internet.
It stores these elements and the current date and time to a csv file.

> This file can later be passed on an internet-connected computer to the `claim_devices.py` script.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This file can later be passed to the `claim_devices.py` script on an internet-connected computer.
```
